- Previously on
"Below Deck"...
- Four-day charter, ten people,
two of them children.
- Hi.
- My pleasure.
- There's no margin for error
when you have kids onboard.
- [crying]
No!
- I don't think she's lying.
It was obviously swollen.
- I'm not lying.
Oh, hello.
- I just need to know
if you can work at 100%.
- I definitely, like, can.
- Okay, good.
- Let's go for our excursion.
- Ross, we're heading back,
okay?
- Okay.
- What's up, then, brother?
Do you know?
- I don't want to see
a deer in the headlights.
I want to see the goddamn
light go on over their head.
Wake up, Chandler.
- We're ready
to get out of here.
We have no towels, no water.
We've had enough
of this experience.
- You have one job, deckhands.
- We had everything onboard
and I don't know why they
neglected to disperse it.
I am not gonna finish
this season this way.
I will make some changes,
and not all of you
are gonna be happy.
[foghorn blares]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic hip-hop music]
- This is about as ----ed up
deck crews I've seen.
This is beyond
an embarrassment.
How do you go over
to the ----ing island
and drop guests off
with all of the equipment,
everything that
you have onboard,
and then turn around
and come back,
and not give them any of it?
This is just rudimentary
deckhand 101.
That's your crew,
and that's on you.
♪ ♪
- Is that something
I need to tell them,
to drop off the gear that
we put on to the tender?
I can only--
- Excuses are just
silly-ass ----ing reasons
for people not doing
their goddamn jobs.
If I had to solve your problems
with your crew,
then what do I need you for?
I would've expected
the boatswain
to step forward and say,
"my fault."
Instead, Chandler's looking
to justify a (BLEEP) up,
and I'm not playing that.
You guys will pull your heads
out of your asses,
and when we get
to the ----ing dock,
I will make some changes.
You're excused.
- Thank you.
[mellow music]
- Oh, man,
Captain Lee was pissed.
Whoa, it's strong, and spicy!
What'cha doing?
- I'm going--I'm going--
- Do you wanna go see
your parents?
- I'm going...
- They're not that way.
They're this way.
You wanna come with us?
- I can go with her.
- You take her and
I'll come down with that.
- Mm-kay.
I like your dress.
Don't let Kate see it
'cause she'll try and steal it.
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- I've never had a whole table
tell me that the food was bad.
- My mahi was disgusting.
- The steaks were overcooked.
- It was two out of ten.
- I'm really disappointed in
the way that night went down,
so tonight, I'm gonna
blow them out of the water.
- Hey, Captain Lee.
Tonight's the rock star party.
- I have to eat dinner
with them tonight at 7:30.
- Right.
- I just had a chat
with the kids.
- This stuff
cannot happen anymore.
All of this comes back to me.
- What do you think
the issue is?
- I think our boatswain
is dropping the ball,
to be quite frank.
- The whole reason
we're all working hard
is to get a large tip
and make money,
so when the deck crew
doesn't do their job well,
the interior team
tries to compensate.
But it'd be nice if everybody
did their job well.
- Chandler,
can I just say something?
We're running around like
chickens without a head
a lot of the time.
Nobody sat us down
in the beginning and said,
"Listen, this is what you need.
This is what's going where."
If we're all on the same page,
it's easy for us to know
what we need to do.
- No one knew
what was going on.
- Well then, that's the issue
that needs to get addressed,
not why we left sh-- behind.
- We're gonna make
less mistakes because
we're not doing sh--
last minute.
- It's always gonna change.
You just need to be prepared
for everything.
We need to dial this sh-- in.
We're on our fourth charter.
- Yes, sir.
- All right.
- Can we get--
the rest of you tender up,
flag down.
- One more fubar.
- We're only halfway
through the charter,
so...I'm sure there's time.
I appreciate you
saying something.
- He needs to realize
he needs to get a game plan.
Now it becomes evident
what the issues are.
- Absolutely.
If Chandler was on my boat
in Alaska,
hands down he would be fired.
There's no ----ing reason
for his attitude,
and there's no reason for
all these mistakes we made.
That looks good.
♪ ♪
- Hi.
- I'm done with Caroline.
When you're in that attitude,
then you put it on me,
and then you put it
on everybody else.
- I'm sorry you have the
misfortune of working with me.
- Me too.
I'm gonna stay professional
with her,
but I'm doing 20-hour days
cooking for all these people.
She has so many problems right
now and I can't take that load.
- So pretty.
It's crazy how quiet it is.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Rock star ♪
- Broken glass
from all the windows
the rock stars broke
at the hotel.
- Is that rock star?
- Ready for our party?
- Yeah.
- Nice stuff!
- I've never done
eyeliner before.
- Oh, wow.
That is awesome!
- All the guests
are at the table.
- On my way.
[dramatic music]
- Caroline, Caroline.
Can you come to the galley
for service?
- Hello!
- Hey, everybody.
- You mind if I hang out
with you, Pearson?
Is that all right?
- Yep.
- We can start going.
I'm just gonna do
the best I can
and hope that they enjoy it.
- If you squeeze it,
it'll go on,
and if you squeeze it again,
it'll go off.
Pretty cool, huh?
- So, for your first course,
we have a duel
of soft mushrooms.
- Ooh, it's very good.
- Has good flavor too.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
[mellow music]
- Are they happy?
- So happy.
- You're just saying that.
- I'm not just saying that.
I'm just busy.
- [laughs]
- Cooked perfectly.
- Here, you guys can start.
Pork tenderloin,
and I have an apple cider
dressing to go with that.
- Thank you.
This is too hot for children.
- Where do you want me?
- Try to go around to the
guest cabins and freshen up,
and then go to bed.
- Would you like some lamb?
Yeah?
- Would you like some pork?
- Yes, please.
- Some zucchini?
- Oh.
- Hey!
So, I made some roasted pork
with cognac-braised apples,
roasted lamb rack,
with a Moroccan-style,
spicy tomato sauce,
flash-seared tuna,
garlic broccoli,
and some turmeric and
sesame zucchini.
- Wow.
- Enjoy.
[soft indistinct chatter]
- It's amazing.
- Wow.
- So good.
- Excellent tonight.
Thank you.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
- So good.
- It's good.
- He really stepped it up.
This is excellent.
- Wow.
- Caroline, Caroline, Kate.
You can go to bed.
Be on deck at 8:00.
We're gonna do
a continental breakfast.
- Copy.
Thank you, Kate.
- Am I good to close this?
- Yup.
I finished bleeding the deck
and everything's
stowed away down here.
- Aw, you're awesome.
- I appreciate you and Ashton
speaking up this afternoon.
- Oh, no worries.
Oh, here he is.
- What's up?
You guys can go to bed.
- All righty.
- Sweet, mate.
Sounds good to me.
- Thank you.
- I try to have respect
for Chandler,
but it was a ----ing
sh-- show today,
absolute ----ing sh-- show.
- A tissue dance?
I don't know.
- Put a boogie in it...
[laughter]
- How's it looking up there?
- Amazing.
Great for our tip.
- That was intense.
- Everybody's wearing down
a little bit.
I think it's bed time.
- Thank you for helping.
- Cool, bud.
See you in the morning.
- Good night, everyone.
- Good night.
- It's been a pleasure.
Bed time, little rock star.
- Write Caroline a note.
- Okay.
- Good night.
- Good night. Thanks.
♪ ♪
[line beeping]
- Hey, 'Siah.
- Hi, Primrose.
How are you?
Lady Tiernan and Master Pearson
remind me of when
I looked after my niece.
What's the weather doing?
- Uh, snow.
- Snowing.
- Aww.
- Primrose is missing you.
She keeps going,
"Where's my 'Siah?"
- So cute.
- Where's my 'Siah?
- [laughs]
I love being an uncle,
but it's hard
being away from family
and your niece
when she's growing up.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna head off to bed.
[yawning]
- [indistinct]
Bye, 'Siah.
- Bye, Primrose.
Love you.
- Give 'Siah a kiss bye-bye.
[mellow music]
[alarm clock blares]
♪ ♪
- I'm just, like,
kinda dreading being on deck,
but when I was
working for my dad,
he was always very
calm and collected,
even if things
were going wrong.
It's the style I learned,
and it's the style
I like to mirror.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
- This is where we're going.
As soon as we get there,
get all the toys set up,
and we're gonna have
to start transporting stuff
almost immediately,
so you have absolutely
no time to waste.
Dinner's at 5:30.
We're taking a pig out there.
So you're gonna have
to get the chef out there.
It's gonna take several runs.
- Okay.
- And I really want it
to go smoothly.
- Yes, sir.
- That'll be all.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, Caroline.
- Pleasure.
Can I get anything for anybody?
- I'll do a Bloody Mary,
please.
- A guava mimosa.
- Okay, all right.
- Did you guys want
an orange juice?
- It might--
I might have to squeeze some.
- Oh, okay.
- So, it--I'm gonna do my--
- No worries.
- Caroline, Caroline.
Food's ready.
Come and pick it up.
- I'd rather you bring out
the food first.
- Got it, okay.
I'm gonna do that.
Thanks, y'all.
- Thank you.
- She seems very distraught.
- Do you know if we have
any orange juice, like,
in a box?
- Couldn't tell you.
- Yeah, I don't think we do.
- Did Caroline seem frazzled
about the juice?
- Yeah.
- These are gluten-free
wild berry muffins.
- She's just running
back and forth
and she never knows anything.
- Where is Caroline?
- We don't know.
That's the problem.
- (BLEEP)
[blender whirring]
This is a group
of ten people.
It's a lot for one stew
to take on.
- Thank you.
- Pleasure.
- Caroline?
- Yes, sir?
- You're asking
the wrong person...
[laughs]
- She never knows an answer.
- Caroline, Caroline, Adrian.
- Oh God, yeah.
- [coughing]
- Coming up...
- Do your job
and we'll be fine.
I'm fed up with her.
- You speak to me
condescendingly one more time,
I'm taking it
to ----ing Captain.
- And later...
[glasses shattering]
- Sh--.
I have some broken glass.
- Caroline, Caroline, Adrian.
- Oh God, yeah.
It's like tomato juice
and vodka.
- Yeah.
[tense music]
- Watch your step.
Who wanted some orange juice?
- I think we all did.
[laughs]
- Hey, Kate?
- Yes?
- Did you make
the Bloody Marys?
- No, I didn't.
- Yeah.
- Okay, good.
- Start bringing it up.
[chains grinding]
- Last one pulling up.
- Oh, we're moving, guys.
- Anchor's at the water line.
You're free to maneuver.
- Copy that.
We're underway.
[bright music]
♪ ♪
- Hello.
- Hi.
What did you put
in the Bloody Marys?
- They didn't like it?
- No, they want another one.
- Mm-kay.
- Are you okay?
- Uh-huh.
- Caroline's foot has healed.
The bad news is,
she's still Caroline.
I'll cover for her,
but what
she doesn't realize is,
she's repeatedly telling me
she can't do her job.
This is about work,
and she's not doing it.
Caroline, Caroline, Kate.
Can you go down to laundry
and flip it over,
and can you go down
to the guest cabins
that are not occupied?
- You got it.
- 'Sup?
- Do you guys have anything
that doesn't need
to be refrigerated that
I can load up into the rescue
tender now for the first trip?
- There's the charcoal
and there's the fire starters.
That should be with
the charcoals as well.
You guys are gonna do a first
trip right when we get there?
- Yeah, are you gonna go with
me on that first trip or...
- No, I'll be roasting the pig
and doing all that stuff here.
♪ ♪
The fact that Ross and Ashton
feel like chickens with their
heads cut off definitely
motivates me to work harder.
I wanna be liked by my team,
but I want the boat
to be successful as well.
Cups, sunscreen,
towels, drinking ice,
and gallon Ziploc bags,
ten chairs.
I want everything
they might wanna do onboard,
on the beach, ready to go.
We gotta make up for yesterday.
- I don't know
what she was doing.
She definitely looked confused.
It wasn't even
a full breakfast.
That's why I was,
like, laying in bed.
I was like,
I'm gonna let her handle it.
This is a good test.
- If you're mainly
in the laundry,
no wonder why people's stuff
is getting lost.
- Yeah,
'cause it looks like chaos.
It shouldn't look that bad.
She's not getting better.
She's almost getting worse.
- Caroline, I think,
just gets too flustered.
She's like my great Aunt May
when she had menopause.
Just chill out.
- Five on my mark.
And drop.
[chain rattling]
- Oh, guys,
look at the dolphins!
- That's five.
Lock it in.
- Dolphin right there!
- [laughs]
- Oh, my gosh.
Look at them all.
- God, that's pretty.
♪ ♪
- Hello, I need to arrange some
local live dancers
and musicians.
- All right, you're loose.
- Just FYI,
for the drinking ice--
one in each insulated bag and
two in the "Intrepid" cooler.
- Yeah, let's see if we can
find another cooler bag
that we can take.
- Okay.
- I added Corona,
more soda, and more water.
- I think we need
more Corona in there.
Captain, Captain, Chandler.
- Oh, my God, Chandler.
Figure your sh-- out.
- Ross and I will be departing
shortly with the first load of
supplies for the
excursion later tonight.
- Before you go for anything,
I need everything set up.
- Okay.
Water slide going in?
- Affirmative.
While you're running stuff
back and forth,
the guests have to have
something to do.
- Yeah, copy.
- Man, we weren't expecting
that one, Chandler.
- I was.
- Toys need to go in first.
Get these paddleboards out
while we're waiting.
- Did Chandler just
radio the Captain to say
he's bringing stuff
to the beach now?
- Yeah.
- Why are they
getting stuff ready?
- 'Cause they're gonna start
bringing stuff over,
but first,
the hierarchy of importance--
safety, charter guests,
Captain, crew.
- Yeah.
both:
Safety, charter guests,
Captain, crew.
- I'ma check
for some more towels.
- Did you check
the dryer in here?
- Yeah, I'll check everywhere
for extra towels.
- Well, let's see what
we have in here in the dryer.
- Yeah, I'll check everywhere.
Chandler needs
to bring it down a notch.
I know he's walking
on eggshells,
but it's a struggle for me
to not put him in his place.
- Ash, I was thinking we get
out what we need to get out
for the slide.
- Copy that.
- [whimpers]
I don't wanna touch it.
- It's so messed up that I was
eating three pieces of bacon
while that was there.
- I don't have time
to sit on the beach
for ten hours and roast a pig,
so I'm gonna
cook it in the oven,
and then we'll just
finish it off on the beach,
and the guests
will never know.
- Kate, Kate, Caroline.
- Go.
- Cabins are done.
- Copy. Thank you.
Can you go to laundry and
get it really organized?
- Yeah, do you mind
if I take five on the bow
and then I'll come right back
and get it all perfect?
- Okay, take five minutes
and then come meet us
behind the Sky Lounge bar
to clear up.
- Copy.
- When you're willing
to go sneak a cigarette,
you sneak it,
you don't announce it
over the radio.
- Rhylee, I don't wanna find
anymore dropped towels on deck.
You need to use your eyes.
- I do use my eyes.
- What does--
what does that say?
- I can read, Chandler.
Stop speaking to me
condescendingly.
I'm over it.
- I don't wanna hear
any back talk.
A, there's guests right
upstairs, so stop yelling.
- No, did you ask
Ashton and Ross?
- Everyone needs to be
accountable for everyone else.
- Let's clear this up.
Shall I unroll the ones--
- Stop yelling.
- Stop ----ing...
- We have guests
right upstairs.
- If you wanna hear me yell,
I'll yell and you'll know...
- Go somewhere else
to have this conversation.
- No, we can have it
right here.
If you wanna hear me
get a word in, Chandler...
- Look at this.
- Great.
Next time,
don't come to me
and tell me that
I can't ----ing read.
You speak to me
condescendingly one more time,
I'm taking it
to ----ing Captain.
[tense music]
- You speak to me
condescendingly one more time,
I'm taking it
to ----ing Captain.
- ----ing go to the captain.
Don't tell me about it.
----ing do it.
Do your job,
and we'll be fine.
- I will do my job,
as I have been.
- Open your eyes, please.
- Speak with respect.
- As soon as I ----ing get it,
as soon as I get it, Rhy.
- Where's your accountability
in those dropped towels,
huh, Chandler?
- I'm fed up with her.
I have no patience for it.
- Goddamn ----ing
son of a bitch.
- Ready for water sports?
- Yeah!
- Captain, Chandler.
We have everything out
in the water.
Is it okay to do a trip over?
- Roger that.
Make sure you leave
somebody here.
- Ashton and Rhylee
will stay onboard.
- Roger that.
- We're here.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- Good?
- Mm-hmm.
The pig one.
You'll stay on guest service
and putting stuff away.
I'll pack the bags.
- Do you think
it'll be all right here?
- I think it'll be fine.
- Just don't wanna...
- It'll be fine, Ross.
Just drop the hook.
- Getting the guests from
the boat to the location
is gonna be ----ing difficult.
Our boat's in a bit of danger.
The reef's super shallow.
You know, I'm pretty
confident in my job,
and my capability, but this is
on a whole 'nother level.
It's everywhere.
- It's fine.
- Looks shallow here.
- Just go ahead and
jump in right there.
♪ ♪
Lifejackets.
- Sorry?
- Just a bag of lifejackets.
- Oh, the towels?
- Here--that's what I meant.
- Whoa.
- We're doing
a huge beach setup--
luau, pig roast.
A ton of logistics
that are going into this--
everything needs
to go properly.
There can be no mistakes.
Um...
- Whoo!
- [laughs]
- No, not the sea broccoli!
- Yeah, no sea broccoli!
- [laughs]
- Explain the situation to me.
- The water is too shallow
for the "Intrepid."
- So, we can use
the rescue tender?
- Yeah, but that's not
a safe bet to do at night.
- Copy that.
We can use rescue tender,
I believe, during the day,
At night, it's a no-go.
There's just
too much reef here.
It's not
marked out properly.
I can explain to you better
once I come back to the boat.
- All right, copy that.
- Thanks, bro.
[indistinct chatter]
- Come on in.
- Yep, coming.
- Explain the situation to me.
- This whole area
basically here,
it's just--it's all reef,
or shallow reef.
It looked too skinny to even
bother going through.
I'm not that confident,
especially when
it's my first time trying to
navigate through these waters.
- Yeah, but now we know we can
get through there
in the rescue tender.
Dinner's gonna
be served at 5:00.
The dancers
are coming at 5:45.
- Let's see, we've got...
- And they're only
gonna perform 20 minutes.
At that point in time,
everything comes back.
- Yeah, that's cool.
♪ ♪
- Oh, my...
[indistinct radio chatter]
- I think I'll be ready
in about six minutes.
Hey, guys.
- No.
Don't drop it.
- Oh.
- Chandler?
- Yeah?
- At 5:00,
I'll send the guests.
- Okay, gonna be
cutting it close.
- Get it done.
♪ ♪
- Let me know when
you see a section
where I can speed up.
I don't wanna...
- Okay, cool.
- Hit something.
- Is this it right here?
- Yeah.
- Do you know what time
we're supposed to be ready by?
- Dinner would be
around 5:30-ish,
and it takes about
20 minutes to get there,
so probably--
I'd say 5:00.
- Oh, how about 5:10?
- Dun, dun, dun.
- 5:00.
- What do I--I don't need
shoes, I do need shoes?
- Step this way.
- Thank you very much.
- 5:00, we need
the guests ready to go.
- Yeah, I told them.
- I can't have these guys
out in this sh-- at night.
They'll sink one
of the ----ing boats.
- Hi.
- Slippery.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- I can take this up if...
- Watch it. It's so slippery.
- We're losing daylight.
If we don't get everybody
onboard, I gotta call it,
and then we'll be having
dinner onboard the boat.
- Yeah, we're hustling.
- Here we go.
- We gotta go.
- [grunts]
- So, you guys have
to get pretty comfortable
'cause it's a quick ride there.
- I don't like the way
this is shaping up.
♪ ♪
- I'm gonna start heading out.
I see them.
- Okay, thank you.
- Do you see--you've got
better light on your side.
Can you see any corals
in front of me?
- No, negative, bro.
- If you have to, Chandler,
just trim that engine up
until it props just
beneath the water.
- Okay, copy.
- God, I shouldn't have to
----ing tell anybody that.
- Yeah.
- So, we have less than
ten minutes till
the guests are here.
- Can we take four
more guests or no?
- No, it's low tide.
- Yeah, yeah, you're right.
See you guys later.
- All right.
- Don't you guys think it
looks like Jurassic Park?
- Yeah, right?
Like, from the movie?
- Ready?
- I'm gonna put...
[indistinct]
It's really slippery.
- No, don't go there.
Don't go there.
[energetic drumming]
- All right.
♪ ♪
- And that's for
your guys' arrival.
♪ ♪
- Ross, Ross, Lee.
- Go ahead.
- Under no circumstances
am I having those boats
out after dark,
so if you have
to cut it short,
I want you and the guests
back here before it's dark.
So, the guests are gonna
have to live with it,
and I'd rather live with it
than hurt somebody.
- I couldn't agree with you
any more.
- Enjoy--
[all scream]
- Hey.
- Oh, sh--.
- Oh, my God.
Is she okay?
Is she all right?
- You need a second?
- Oh...
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Enjoy--
[all scream]
- Hey.
- Oh, sh--.
- Oh, my God.
Is she okay?
- I almost fell myself
when I got onto it.
- Oh, yeah,
you gotta step on the sand.
She stepped right on the...
- Ouch.
- You need a second?
- And I'll just go in the sand.
- Very slippery.
- Not only is Chandler
dropping the ball,
but now,
he's dropping the guests.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Yeah.
- I think the guests
had a good day today.
What do you think?
- I have no idea.
- Oh.
They seemed pleasantly...
- Been too busy trying to put
fires out and get this...
- Uh-oh.
- Goddamn thing going.
[energetic percussive music]
♪ ♪
Chandler, Chandler, Lee.
- Go ahead.
- We're going to plan B.
Let them enjoy
their time there.
I want you and everybody else
in the boat to head back now.
Leave them there on the beach.
I'm sending vans
to pick them up.
- Understood.
We are heading toward
the "Intrepid".
- With nightfall
rapidly approaching,
it's way too dangerous
trying to get everybody
back onboard the boat.
We're gonna
transport them by vans
from the beach to the dock,
and then we'll take one of the
tenders straight into shore
from the motorboat and
bring them back safe.
Get back here safely.
- Yes, sir.
♪ ♪
- Do you want me
to double check that
nothing needs to come back--
- No, leave everything.
Just get back.
- You're right.
You're right.
Yeah, that--needs to be
dropped in the sand,
not on a cement block.
- Yeah.
- That guy would've carried
you all the way up the thing.
- I know!
- I'm not worried
about it right now,
but Chandler and Ashton left,
right?
How are we gonna get home,
or are we living here now?
[drumming stops]
- Rhylee?
Spin bags that are soft and wet
need to dry out here
before they go back.
- I didn't know we were
doing that, okay?
- I feel like
that's common sense.
- Well, maybe I don't have any.
- I'll give you a hand, buddy.
- I've got it.
- It's okay.
- No, I'm ----ing over it.
I'm done ----ing
taking it from him.
- We got it from here.
Can you just go--
you can put these down here.
Can you just go down and
I'll see you at 11:00?
- 11:00 p.m. for the lights,
right?
- Yep, copy.
Thanks for working hard today.
- (BLEEP), calling me off.
- Hey, bro,
I just sent Rhylee down
'cause she's on night.
Is that okay?
- I don't know, man.
You deal with her.
I'm done.
- Mmm.
- Mommy...
- Um,
I have never cooked a pig.
[cheers and applause]
- Thank you.
- Pig roast, and he nailed it.
He nailed it.
- What do we got, Seanna?
Are you sending a taxi?
- Affirmative.
Chandler, Chandler, Lee.
- Go ahead.
- We'll start making
our transfers.
I know you guys haven't
been to that dock before.
I still have to assume that
my team is going to
execute things properly,
even though I've seen them
make mistakes in the past.
But it's dark out now,
and for Chandler,
as far as I'm concerned,
prove it or lose it.
- Copy that.
- So,
because it's so dark now,
we're not gonna
go back on the tender.
We've arranged a taxi.
- Okay.
- Caroline, Caroline, Lee.
- Yes, sir?
- It might be
a good idea to...
- Copy that.
[indistinct chatter]
- The dog is eating our food.
- Get out of here.
Sh--.
- I gotta get a picture
of that sunset--
or, moonrise.
[shutter clicks]
Tahitian moon.
- You won't fall.
Uh-oh.
- You guys just hold on.
- [sighs]
- Rhylee did a good job putting
the Jet Skis away today.
- Yeah? Good.
- Yep.
- Caroline, Caroline.
You all set?
- I'm all set.
- Okay.
We'll be receiving them
shortly.
- The (BLEEP)?
- Hey, Captain Lee!
- Sorry about
the inconvenience.
It was all in the
interest of safety.
[glasses shattering]
- Sh--.
[groans]
(BLEEP)
- We thoroughly enjoyed it.
Thank you.
- We had a blast.
Sherry had a accident.
- Sherry slipped a little bit.
- I got dropped.
- You got dropped?
That means you must
have been carried,
and not successfully.
- No, this is day two of
not-such-a-good-day for me.
- Cap, I'm gonna need a second.
We have some champagne
waiting for you.
- Okay, let's go upstairs.
- Go ahead.
- Here, come back down.
- Let's go the other way.
[cries]
- What?
- [crying]
- There's broken glass
everywhere?
- [crying]
- Sh--.
[tense music]
- Cap, Cap, do you hear me?
- Jesus Christ.
What the (BLEEP) is going on?
- [crying]
- It's okay.
It's okay.
- [exhales]
(BLEEP)
- Let me see.
Where--oh, right there?
- Yeah, we got it out.
- Cool.
- That's called a battle wound.
- Yeah, I don't even
have one of those.
How does that happen?
I mean, it's just the
ultimate cluster(BLEEP).
Give me five.
Give me a fist bump.
All right, good job, buddy.
- That little boy
just stepped on it.
Do you have Band-Aids in there?
- Great, ----ing awesome.
Yeah.
Ugh, (BLEEP).
- Where is the deckhands?
- Chandler needs
his hours of rest.
- I'm not prepared for this.
[table creaks]
Oh!
Don't chop your fingers off.
I can't lose you.
- [laughs]
- I don't know how this...
[chair rattles]
Done.
- What do we have left?
Crew and equipment?
- All the equipment, yeah.
- Okay.
- Master Pearson
and Lady Tiernan's
mandatory lifejackets.
You wear that one.
I'll wear this one.
Once again, just 'Siah and I
doing all the work.
There is no fair reason why
there's not a deck team member,
at least one, here helping us.
Thank you.
Okay.
Yes.
Okay, easy does it.
- Let's get the
drinks rolling.
Drambuie? What else?
[laughter]
What do you need?
[laughs]
- I'll take a tequila,
club soda, and lime, please.
- Sorry, I...
[groans]
- It's okay.
Take care of the guests.
Chandler will take care
of cleaning up, so...
Get them whatever they need.
Relax.
- [coughs] I feel sick.
I'm getting sick.
- Relax.
- [coughs]
- Coming up...
- Yo, did you just
take that ice cream?
- Ice cream's
not happening yet, buddy,
'cause you're still working.
- What the (BLEEP)
are you doing?
I'm a big boy.
- You're a big boy, and
you will get your ice cream.
- I'm sorry, I...
- It's okay.
Take care of the guests.
Chandler will take care
of cleaning up, so...
Get them whatever they need.
- [coughs]
I feel sick.
I'm getting sick.
- Relax.
Take a deep breath.
Everything's fine.
- Thanks.
- Give them their drinks.
We're good.
- Someone broke a ----ing glass
and he stepped on it.
- Ooh.
- I don't know what happened.
- I'm so sorry.
- We're tough.
The Jasuwans are tough people.
- I really felt
like an asshole,
but knowing little
Pearson cut his foot
on champagne glass
that I dropped--
I feel terrible.
You okay?
- Yes.
- I'm really sorry.
You're cool though, right?
You're good?
[smooches]
Thanks for being so cool.
Can I get you Band-Aids?
- No, maybe some cocktails.
- Yes, absolutely.
What can I get for everyone?
I still have some champagne.
I can try getting on that.
- Yeah, we'll just
have some champagne.
Fill up whatever you got.
- Thank you.
- Pleasure.
- Yeah, the bandage?
- I have everything.
- First aid?
Oh wow, you do, okay.
Perfect. Right on.
- Okay, cool.
- All right,
we're gonna do this.
- This woman needs
a tequila shot!
- I need a tequila, stat!
- On the double!
- I got blood
all over my dress.
It's like a $300 dress.
It's not your mama's moo-moo.
It's, like, $350.
- But why did--but why
didn't they do this for me?
- I've gotta get Kate
in the back.
- I'm getting in.
I am starving,
I am exhausted,
and I am angry.
[tense music]
- [grunts]
- Good job, Josiah.
- Remember I said,
can I get a Prosecco, since...
- I do remember.
- We just got back.
How can I help you?
- Oh, Kate, yes.
- I would love
another drink, please.
- Tequila with
lime juice, yeah?
- Any margarita you wanna make
is gonna be phenomenal.
- Prosecco.
- We've been, like,
waiting a while.
- We'll get them right now.
- [clears throat]
- I'm grabbing the tequila...
- Can you hit the tea kettle
while you're there?
- Hi!
- I'm injured.
- Oh, no!
- Chandler dropped me
on this slimy rock.
- [gasps]
Chandler dropped you?
- He didn't even say sorry.
- Chandler didn't say sorry?
- No.
- I'm getting some ice
for Sherry's leg.
- Has she not been given
medical attention
by anybody on the deck crew?
- It doesn't feel very cold,
but it'll...
- It will get cold.
- Chief stew's doing the
heavy lifting at the beach.
It's nuts, but I'll just
keep making the drinks.
Oh, my goodness.
So cute.
- Say good night-night.
- Good night, guys.
- Good job.
[indistinct chatter]
- It's a big one.
It took a while, but it's good.
I'm just so happy
the guests are safe--
at least 90% of them.
- 80%.
- Oh,
did we get another injury?
- The little boy cut...
- What happened?
- I dropped a champagne glass
and he walked on it.
- Flesh wounds...
are not five star.
- Yeah.
- I need to take a little--
I can't talk about it
right now.
Will you go flip laundry?
- Sure.
At this point in the game,
I'm overwhelmed.
[sighs]
I'm miserable on this boat.
- How you guys doing?
You okay for drinks?
- A couple more waters.
- And a Crown and ginger
for you, yes?
- Thank you, Josiah.
- No worries.
- Chandler, maybe help her
downstairs a little bit?
- No, please, I'm fine.
- You okay?
- Yeah, I just wish
you'd said you were sorry
for what you did.
- I am sorry.
- I know, but you didn't.
- I'm sorry.
It was a hectic morning for me.
It's no excuse.
- No.
It's like, no one came
and put antiseptic on me,
like, Albert did.
He, like, bandaged up my leg,
and took care of here and here
and it's like, I don't know.
- I...
[stammers]
I hear you.
- I'm gonna go ice my hand.
How do we get down?
- Right here, that way.
- I'll show you, Mom.
I got you.
- Thank you.
- Good night.
- [sighs]
- It's been one of them days.
- It's chaos.
Guests are bleeding,
there are dishes to be done,
drinks to be made.
I thought this was
a nine-person crew,
but for some reason,
I'm carrying guest towels
and sun block back
from a beach party in the dark.
Something needs to happen.
- I got it.
Chandler, Chandler, Lee.
Check with Kate.
Make sure that
she has everything
she needs to assist her.
- Copy.
- Kate,
keep the deck crew until
you don't need them anymore
and then you can dismiss them.
- Copy.
Chandler, come up and
start washing dishes.
- I'll be there
as soon as I can.
- Hey, guys, there's dishes
to be washed there and there.
- Cool.
- Josiah, what kind of
hair gel do you use?
- I just use hair wax.
- Oh, hair wax?
- I would like you
to go down to the galley
and grab a knife, please.
That's what I need right now.
- I'll take a "please."
- Please, now.
- [whistling]
- Thank you so much.
That's all I need.
If you wanna go downstairs,
there's just the crew food
and maybe find
Tupperwares for it?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- You know, this is fun, eh?
- My God, you're like a woman,
doing a woman job.
- I feel like
these need to be ironed
'cause they're
sort of wrinkled.
- Are you also bad
at science and driving?
- Chandler, Chandler, Kate.
Where are all of the bags
from the beach?
- Uh, beach club.
- Can you please bring them up
to the other...
- So needy.
Uh, yeah.
----ing ridiculous.
- Okay, copy that.
I'm on my way.
- Thank you, Ross.
- God.
- You all need to go to bed.
- This has been a crazy day.
- I'm out, brother.
- See you tomorrow.
- They can go in this fridge
and that fridge,
and the crew fridge,
all the fridges.
Thank you so much, Ross.
- All right, yep.
How's it going?
- This kid's a folding whiz.
- Who's on earliest
for the deck team?
- Myself and Ross.
- Okay, then,
you can both knock off.
- Thank you.
- Kate taking charge
of the team--
it's quite refreshing,
actually...[laughs]
We've got someone
that's taking charge!
- Ross, Ross, Kate.
I just heard you're on early,
so pause where you're at,
and I'll take over from there,
and go to bed.
Thank you.
- All right, copy.
- Thank you so much.
You did an amazing job
with laundry.
- Thanks.
- Why don't you go to bed,
and be on deck at 7:00?
- Okay.
[mellow music]
♪ ♪
- I'm gonna flip all these.
- What's that bowl for?
Are you making me dinner
'cause I haven't eaten yet?
- Ice cream for myself.
- Oh, no...
[laughs]
You're not off yet.
Do you have any deck towels
that are in the beach club
washer-dryer?
- Everything's running now.
- This can all go away.
- Throw it away?
- I don't know,
maybe find Tupperware for it?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Yo, did you just
take that ice cream?
- Yes, because it's melting,
'cause you're still working.
- It's frozen.
I'm letting it thaw out.
- I think you need to be more
worried about the work.
We'll get you your ice cream,
okay?
- Why you trying to manage me?
You're not my boss.
Captain's my boss.
- Yeah, and did you not
hear over the radio?
- Yes,
I'm getting my things done,
and I will eat my ice cream
as I wish.
- [snickers]
- I will eat my ice cream
as I wish.
- Ice cream's not
happening yet, buddy.
You will get your ice cream.
- I will finish the crew mess.
Rhylee's up. She can finish
whatever you need to do.
- I know you love
to delegate, but--
- Kate, I'm a big boy.
- You are a big boy!
- I can manage my time.
- You're a big boy and
you will get your ice cream.
- The second time you've
disrespected me tonight.
- Actually,
it wasn't just the second time.
- What the (BLEEP)
are you doing?
Like,
I busted my ass all day long.
She's a glorified housekeeper.
It's ----ing my ice cream.
- Chandler, if you don't
understand why the captain
decided for you guys to be
dismissed by me tonight,
I can't help you.
- I think everyone's
been working hard.
- Great.
[tense hip-hop music]
- See you tomorrow.
- Okay.
Thanks for your help today.
- Kate's so disrespectful.
♪ ♪
- I expected more
out of Chandler,
but if it were just
one little thing,
it probably
wouldn't be so bad,
but there's just so many.
How the (BLEEP)
does that happen?
Chandler, Chandler, Lee.
Where is Chandler?
- Chandler left on the tender
to go fishing.
- Chandler,
switch back to one.
Cap's been calling you.
- The guests are
without water, no towels.
They're ready to be
picked up immediately.
- Copy.
- (BLEEP)
- [sighs]
Still have the rest
of the season to go.
How much of it do you
wanna jeopardize,
or are you willing to bet
the rest of your season that
this person's gonna
make a turn around?
[hip-hop music]
[alarm clock blaring]
♪ ♪
- Primaries are up.
- I haven't got any
clean clothes.
I'm wearing the ones
I wore yesterday...[laughs]
- Me too.
- Don't pull it tight.
- No, I just keep moving.
I just keep moving.
- Just like a shadow.
- What about me?
- You look like...
- Like you've hardly
done any work at all.
- Um, yup.
- Uh-huh.
- Good morning.
How's your arm doing?
- [sighs]
Okay.
- Is it rough?
- It's a little swollen,
but it's okay.
- You should've
let me carry you.
[laughter]
- Hi, good morning.
How's your foot doing?
- Good.
- Did you sleep well?
Yes?
Those are cute.
What are they?
- Gluten-free
chocolate muffin things.
- Cute.
- Attention, everybody.
We're getting out of here.
Chandler, commence pulling.
- Roger.
- Man, it is a bad day
to be a deckhand.
[creaking]
- Anchor is at the water line.
Free to maneuver.
- Okay, we're good.
[bright music]
- Oh, gosh.
- White chocolate chip.
- Thank you so much.
Mmm.
- Attention all deck crew.
When we go in today, we're
gonna go starboard side two.
Starboard side two.
♪ ♪
Move to the wing station.
- Okay, you're clear, Captain.
Come in on that line.
- What's my distance?
- 35.
- I need room.
Don't think about it.
Chandler,
get your bowline out there.
Lock it in.
- The coolest vacation
we've ever had.
I don't wanna leave.
- There you go, T.
Good job helping your brother.
- Let's get everybody
into position.
♪ ♪
- All right.
- Bye, guys.
Thank you so much.
- Feel better, okay?
- Yes, thank you.
- I'm so ready for
this charter to be over.
This is, by far,
the worst charter
I've ever done
in my entire life.
[indistinct chatter]
- We, in general,
have had an excellent trip.
We had some faults,
we had some mistakes
that happened.
We all have those things.
This reflects our thanks.
We really, truly,
really appreciate it.
- Thank you.
- Say, "bye-bye."
Thank you, maroo-roo.
- Thanks.
- Bye, thank you guys.
- Cutest family ever.
- All right, let's knock the
salt off of this bitch.
- Why were you looking at me
when you said that?
- [laughs]
- Where are my shorts?
[mellow music]
- With everything that
went wrong on this charter,
I know I'm about to get
my ass handed to me.
I'm ----ing terrified.
♪ ♪
- Attention, all crew.
I need you in the
crew mess in 15.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
This charter here--
I don't know where to start.
It was just...
horrendous.
We had a lot of things
that we did wrong.
We managed to award
purple hearts on this trip,
one to a kid--
that's a first for me.
We did get $20,000.
I honestly feel we left about
five grand on the table that
we could've gotten
had we performed better.
Chandler.
- Thank you, sir.
- And we'll get as much done
as we can this afternoon,
and tomorrow's another day.
- Thank you.
- You think they tipped us
because they didn't die?
- [laughs softly]
- Of all the sh--
that happened,
you'd think Captain
would point out
the major ----ing
fault of Chandler.
- [clears throat]
♪ ♪
Kate, Kate, can I get you
to wheelhouse please?
- Me?
Okay.
- I'm not sure why
I'm one getting called
to the wheelhouse right now,
but I can tell that
Captain Lee is not happy
about something.
Hi.
- Hey, kiddo.
I need you to be a witness.
- Not good.
- Chandler, Chandler, Lee.
- Go ahead.
- Yeah, can I see you
up in the wheelhouse, please?
- Be right there.
♪ ♪
- Come on in.
Have a seat.
I think the time has come
for you and I to have this chat
that I've been putting off.
- Next on "Below Deck"...
- Oh, my goodness.
That's amazing.
- Wow.
- Number five.
Shannon is a charter broker
and a yacht salesperson.
- We're gonna need all the
help we can get this charter.
- I'm not somebody
who's gonna eat sh--
with a knife and fork
and smile.
Kate has been
abusing me all season.
- This is shots fired.
- Can we exit the taxi?
- Bye.
- In a ----ing second.
- [gasps]
- She's just crazy.
- Look, say, attitude.
- Yes, sir.
- This boat, this program,
it's not for everyone.
- We need you off the boat
in one hour.
[tense music]
[high-pitched jeering]
- Oh, my God!
- So, what's going on?
Where is Caroline?
- No,
I was just ----ing berated.
I'm just gonna start
from the beginning.
I just, um...
- I'm thinking, what the
(BLEEP) is going on here?
- [sobbing]
- For more "Below Deck,"
go to bravotv.com.